all right before you guys say anything
yes I am ridiculously tan I know let's
just leave it at that
no comments needed thank you what I'm
doing today is reading a bunch of old
comments that I've written several
different places I don't know Instagram
Facebook and books whatever I just
thought I was kind of a funny kid at
times and that I said some pretty stupid
things and also some not funny things
all right number one at my parents
wedding anniversary they gave out a book
for guests to sign and write cute little
things into you know write their
memories of them and how much they loved
my parents and this was when I was 17 so
here's what I wrote happy Anniversary
you guys are a great example to me now I
know that I should never get married I
love you guys very much and appreciate
all the hard work if you put it in for
me I have nothing to say next one of my
friends wrote this status on Facebook
lying face down on my floor listening to
music I don't want to go to bed I think
too much and I decided to comment taste
the floor or me I meant to say taste the
floor for me but it was a very it did I
just spit it was a very unfortunate typo
and I think she might have been creeped
out a little bit alright this was the
beginning
alright this was the beginning of an
essay that I did for a English 101 class
in my first year of college we had to
write a paper about something we were
interested in and I've always been
interested in nutrition and health
problems so I wrote mine about obesity
and heart disease things like that
here's the beginning of my essay
America's problem with cholesterol has
hit an all-time high unintended essay
done something funny and I turned it in
like that turned out terribly on the
final I knew I was about to fail a class
the teacher gave me the phone I looked
at it and I thought to myself I have no
clue in any of this means
I stood up handed the final back to him
and walked out with class and everybody
was laughing it was great next I had an
online psychology class for those of you
that don't know psychology what
psychology Nick it's the study of the
human mind and how
works basically right essentially
essentially so for this online class I
had to write an introduction stating my
name telling things about myself and my
interests and things like that me being
a weird person I decided to make it as
weird as possible and none of it was
basically true alright here's the title
hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello
and one more hello hello
my name is Joey as you can see three
lines up I have feelings in a heart I
like to take long walks on the beach but
I make sure to wear shoes because of all
those stupid drunks with no regard for
anybody else that leave their bottle
caps everywhere they cut my little
toesies and make me cry that never
actually happened I just don't want it
to I like to do hobbies because those
are always fun and stuff I'm a large man
standing at 6'5 but you don't need to
know that because this is an online
class and height doesn't matter
only typing ability does of which I am
subpar at I'm a very friendly person
unless I'm at all unhappy then I'm not a
happy person my personality changes with
my mood at large transparent ears as you
can see from the picture below but I
hope you guys still love me actually I
really don't care but I love you all in
fact maybe a little too much I'm looking
forward to starting this class with you
all so I can assess your inner thoughts
and learn your personalities I joined
this class so that I can examine the
mental functions and behaviors of the
people that are examining mental
functioning behaviors if it does things
like that I hope to start an
unforgettable journey with all of you
that I maybe won't forget looking
forward to it until then good night and
good luck
I have the thing I was like the weirdest
person I don't even know me and I don't
even know anymore okay here's an old
Facebook status that I wrote a few years
ago I like to rant sometimes and I have
very strong feelings about lying an
apple lying is like the company Apple it
works most of the time and it's pretty
good but then it goes to crap after
Steve Jobs dies and then you get in
trouble for mistreating thousands of
Chinese people and Siri never works when
you tell it to call your mom and she
asked if you want to search it on the
internet and I would never search my mom
when it's so true though and it feels so
strongly about that thanks for watching
my video guys say hi to Nick in the
comments below he's my buddy hanging out
here watching me creepily go follow my
instagram at J fret 91 I post really
stupid pictures sometimes and you're not
gonna understand them okay I'm done you
bye guys so solid yeah you got some
moles on your chin you ugly as sin look
at that nose it looks like a hose that
came out of the elephant's behind see
why can you look at me I can't even look
at you I'm trying to throw a look at you
but I can't cuz you look like a fish and
you can't because you look like a dish
that I'm about to eat and I can't even
believe could you know that it's me I'm
done God knows look like a hose